README.md, before:

# Spartronics countdown clock

Counts down the time until events such as kickoff, first competition, etc.
Scrolling message is supported which is set via the mode button

## Parts
- Teensy LC
- Adafruit NeoMatrix
- DS3231 RTC
- AT24C32 for storage -- currently not used

## Libraries
- [IntervalTimer library](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_timing_IntervalTimer.html)
- [DebounceEvent button manager](https://github.com/xoseperez/debounceevent)
- Adafruit NeoPixel and NeoMatrix library
- [DS1307RTC library (compatible w/ DS3231)](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_DS1307RTC.html)

## Usage
- 3 buttons control the behavior of the display
	- Mode - Change between countdown and messages
	- Inc - Change between countdown and date/time
	- Dec - Display the name of the next event

- To set the clock (ie, adjusting for daylight savings)
	- Connect a computer to the USB port of the clock module
	- Load the Arduino IDE, and select the port where the Teensy is connected (**Tools -> Port**)
	- Start the Arduino serial monitor (**Tools -> Serial Monitor**), and set data rate to **115200bps**
	- On clock module, change mode to time display by pressing **Inc** twice
	- While the time is displayed, click **Mode** twice (quickly)
	- The words **SET TIME** should be displayed in red on the clock
	- Using the serial terminal, follow the prompts and enter the time in the format **YYYY:MM:DD:hh:mm:ss**
	- If successful, the new time should be displayed. Otherwise, you must re-enter time setting mode and try again.

## Building and Loading Code

Commit message:

Fix for junk data in the input buffer
Entering time set mode left extra bytes in the input buffer that needed
to be cleared out before time could be set.
Also updated soft clock from RTC on every time-centric state change.
Also added some extra catch phrases.
Also added a little documentation.

README.md, after:

# Spartronics countdown clock

Counts down the time until events such as kickoff, first competition, etc.
Scrolling message is supported which is set via the mode button

## Parts
- Teensy LC
- Adafruit NeoMatrix
- DS3231 RTC
- AT24C32 for storage -- currently not used

## Libraries
- [IntervalTimer library](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_timing_IntervalTimer.html)
- [DebounceEvent button manager](https://github.com/xoseperez/debounceevent)
- Adafruit NeoPixel and NeoMatrix library
- [DS1307RTC library (compatible w/ DS3231)](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_libs_DS1307RTC.html)

## Usage
- 3 buttons control the behavior of the display
	- Mode - Change between countdown and messages
	- Inc - Change between countdown and date/time
	- Dec - Display the name of the next event

- To set the clock (ie, adjusting for daylight savings)
	- Connect a computer to the USB port of the clock module
	- Load the Arduino IDE, and select the port where the Teensy is connected (**Tools -> Port**)
	- Start the Arduino serial monitor (**Tools -> Serial Monitor**), and set data rate to **115200bps**
	- On clock module, change mode to time display by pressing **Inc** twice
	- While the time is displayed, click **Mode** twice (quickly)
	- The words **SET TIME** should be displayed in red on the clock, and a prompt message should be displayed o the serial terminal
	- Using the serial terminal, follow the prompts and enter the time in the format **YYYY:MM:DD:hh:mm:ss**
		- The date can be copied to clipboard on Mac with the command: **date +%Y:%m:%d:%H:%M:%S | pbcopy**
	- If successful, the new time should be displayed. Otherwise, you must re-enter time setting mode and try again

## Building and Loading Code
TBD

## Future Enhancements?
- Use the EEPROM on the RTC board to store message strings that can be updated via the serial terminal
- Use the EEPROM on the RTC board to store upcoming countdown dates that can be updated via the serial termanal
